kubectl-config: add page (#13223)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/kubectl-config.md

# kubectl config

> > Manage Kubernetes configuration for clients/clusters authentication to access clusters via `kubectl` or Kubernetes API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Manage Kubernetes configuration files for accessing clusters via `kubectl` or the Kubernetes API.
```

> > By default the Kubernetes will get configuration in `${HOME}/.kube/config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, Kubernetes will get its configuration from `${HOME}/.kube/config`.
```

> > A good tool that helps you better navigating in Kubernetes contexts (& namespace): <https://kubectx.dev>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
IMO we should delete this line, because it refers to 3rd-party program that is not really an "official" Kubernetes tool.

> More information: <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubectl/kubectl-commands#config>.

> - Get all contexts (in default configuration file):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get all contexts in the default Kubernetes configuration file:
```

`kubectl config get-contexts`

> - Get all clusters/contexts/users in custom Kubernetes file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get all clusters/contexts/users in a custom Kubernetes configuration file:
```

`kubectl config {{get-clusters|get-contexts|get-users}} --kubeconfig {{path/to/kubeconfig.yaml}}`

> - Get current context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the current context:
```
